clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-fccc68a7
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-ebc666c6
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-c8c86c93
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-c2ca6aef
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-68cb6f33
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-8ccd6da1
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-4cf95a61
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-80f552db
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-4cf95a61
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-80f552db
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-4cf95a61
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-80f552db
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-39aa0d62
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-00b4172d
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-dab41381
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-0abe1d27
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-f7b017ac
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-4382216e
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-f7b017ac
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-4382216e
clubTandemProd_subnet_public: subnet-a4a108ff
clubTandemProd_subnet_private: subnet-ad6edb80
